[DRAFT] Initial version of the boundary event documentation (#1)
DmytroKost/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/application-logic/workflows/workflow-engine.md

Failed workflows can be retried using the **Retry workflow** option of the [Change Workflow State microflow activity](/refguide/change-workflow-state/#operation). This option will attempt to run the user task from the point it failed. When the user task failed because no users were targeted, it is possible to manually correct user targeting and then use the **Retry Workflow** option to set the workflow into the in-progress state again.

#### Timer Boundary Events {#timer-boundary-events}

> A timer boundary event is attached to the boundary of an activity. Once the activity begins, a new task is added to the **Task queue** to be executed after the specified delay. When the timer expires, the scheduled task will check if the activity is still in a runnable state. If the activity has already been completed, aborted, or has failed, the scheduled task will be disregarded, and the execution of the boundary event path will be skipped. If the workflow is paused or in an incompatible state, the boundary event path will commence its execution once the workflow resumes an in-progress state. Otherwise, if the activity is still ongoing, the boundary event path will initiate its execution.

Reviewer: "Once the activity begins, a new task is added to the **Task queue** to be executed after the specified delay."  We should not explain the deep internals of Mx workflow. Explain what a developer sees/can do. E.g. Once the activity begins also the boundary timers events are initialized/set/...
Same for this: "When the timer expires, the scheduled task will check if the activity is still in a runnable state. " => When a boundary timer expires the workflow engine will check if the parent activity still InPogress/not Completed/...

"If the activity has already been completed, aborted, or has failed, the scheduled task will be disregarded, and the execution of the boundary event path will be skipped."=> If the parent activity has already been completed, aborted, or has failed, the trigger will be ignored and the boundary path will not be executed.

Author: Adjusted the lines to be less about the internals of the workflow editor

> Each boundary event can have only one active instance of the event path at a time. If there are boundary event paths that have not yet completed and the workflow's main path ends, the ongoing boundary event paths will be aborted. This will also occur if the workflow is aborted, retried, or restarted.

Reviewer: "If there are boundary event ..."  This is a seperate line/paragraph as it not directly relates to the previous sentence.

Author: Moved it.

Failed workflows can be retried using the **Retry workflow** option of the [Change Workflow State microflow activity](/refguide/change-workflow-state/#operation). This option will attempt to run the user task from the point it failed. When the user task failed because no users were targeted, it is possible to manually correct user targeting and then use the **Retry Workflow** option to set the workflow into the in-progress state again.

#### Timer Boundary Events {#timer-boundary-events}

> A timer boundary event is attached to the boundary of an activity. Once the activity begins, also the boundary timer events are initialized. When the set timer expires, the workflow engine will check if the parent activity is inProgress. If the parent activity has already been completed, aborted, or has failed, the trigger will be ignored and the boundary path will not be executed. If the workflow is paused or in an incompatible state, the boundary event path will commence its execution once the workflow resumes an in-progress state. Otherwise, if the activity is still ongoing, the boundary event path will initiate its execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A timer boundary event is attached to the boundary of an activity.  The boundary timer events are initialized the activity is initiated. When the set timer expires, the workflow engine will check if the parent activity is inProgress. If the parent activity has already been completed, aborted, or has failed, the trigger will be ignored and the boundary path will not be executed. If the workflow is paused or in an incompatible state, the boundary event path will commence its execution once the workflow resumes an in-progress state. Otherwise, if the activity is still ongoing, the boundary event path will initiate its execution.
```

Author: I changed up this line so the suggested changes don't apply anymore.

> 

Reviewer: IMO we should seperate what is generic to all boundary events and then add what is specific to e.g. a Timer boundary event. THis second is a mix of both and I think it's better to understand in the future if we make a clear separation.

Author: This is now separated but I used a Timer as an example.

Each boundary event can have only one active instance of the event path at a time. 

> If there are boundary event paths that have not yet completed and the workflow's main path ends, the ongoing boundary event paths will be aborted. This will also occur if the workflow is aborted, retried, or restarted.

Reviewer: What happens with the activities that are InProgress at that moment? Will InProgress UserTask be aborted? sub workflows? Will execution of the MF in CallMF be aborted? We need to explain this. If this is already explained somewhere pls refer to that section

Author: They are indeed aborted. This is now added to the exact section to explain this.
